How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
What is the full form of .com ?
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
What is the oldest profession ?
What are liver enzymes ?
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
Who killed Gandhi ?
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
What is an annotated bibliography ?
What is the date of Boxing Day ?
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
Name 11 famous martyrs .
What 's the Olympic motto ?
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
What does a spermologer collect ?
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
What do Mormons believe ?
When did the neanderthal man live ?
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
How many people in the world speak French ?
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
What is ethology ?
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
What is the nature of learning ?
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
What 's the term for a young fox ?
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
What is the Kashmir issue ?
Where is the Loop ?
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
What country 's capital is Tirana ?
What is titanium ?
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sisterðcity with Los Angeles ?
What is a caldera ?
Why do people get calluses ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
Who is the founder of Scientology ?
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
What is the history of skateboarding ?
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
What is the origin of head lice ?
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
What was the first domesticated bird ?
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
What is a fear of shadows ?
Who were the five Marx brothers ?
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
What are bear and bull markets ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
What is `` dew point '' ?
What is the meaning of Jesus ?
What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
What is the definition of a cascade ?
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
Who invented Make-up ?
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
How do you make a paintball ?
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
What is a female rabbit called ?
Where is the highest point in Japan ?
Where do chihuahuas come from ?
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
What are the world 's four oceans ?
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
What is the largest snake in the world ?
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
How do chickens have baby chicks ?
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
How was the element calcium named ?
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
What is a transistor ?
What is a film starring Jude Law ?
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
What are equity securities ?
What is gymnophobia ?
How many years do fossils take to form ?
Where is the Orinoco ?
What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
What is the origin of the word , JJ .
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
How you can raise your IQ ?
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
Who produces Spumante ?
Who earns their money the hard way ?
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
Who discovered electricity ?
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
Who was the first American in space ?
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
What is a dental root canal ?
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
What is the busiest air travel season ?
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
What are hook worms ?
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
Where are the 49 steps ?
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
What is the 401 , K , plan ?
What causes pneumonia ?
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
What does gringo mean ?
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
Where is the Kalahari desert ?
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
Who created Dennis the Menace ?
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
How do I start a web based business ?
Name Alvin 's brothers
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
How many species of sharks are there ?
What is `` snoogans '' ?
How many people are there in the world ?
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
What does S.O.S. stand for ?
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
What four forms does gold occur in ?
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
When did beethoven die ?
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
Where was George Washington born ?
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
What is paracetamol ?
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
What is the origin of the name Katie ?
What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
Who is Terrence Malick ?
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
When did World War I start ?
How many feet are there in a fathom ?
What is a Canada two-penny black ?
What European city do Nicois live in ?
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
What did brontosauruses eat ?
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
What is molybdenum ?
When is Boxing Day ?
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
What 's the official animal of Canada ?
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
What is the size of the largest akita ?
What animal has the biggest eyes ?
What is California 's capital ?
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
What do Italians call Florence ?
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
What city did the Flintstones live in ?
What is Latin for incompetent ?
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
What is the abbreviation for micro ?
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
What does NASDAQ stand for ?
What is BPH ?
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
How did the tradition of best man start ?
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
What are Halloween 's colors ?
How is silk screening done ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
How do you match a name to a social security number ?
How does a rainbow form ?
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
What is the population of Ohio ?
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
Hazmat stands for what ?
What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
Who followed Caesar ?
What are the four elements ?
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
What is Answers.com 's address ?
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
Who invented the radio ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
What ocean is the largest in the world ?
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
Define the Pheonix Club ?
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
How successful is arometherapy ?
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
How does a copier work ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
Where does chocolate come from ?
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
What is the function of RAM ?
What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
Where is Basque country located ?
What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
What is dry ice ?
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
What is the longest-running television series ?
What predators exist on Antarctica ?
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
How is energy created ?
What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
What are the different types of plastic ?
How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
What year did Hitler die ?
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
What kind of animal is Babar ?
What is Jane Goodall known for ?
What killed Bob Marley ?
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
Who is Stein Eriksen ?
What does the name Billie mean ?
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
What is the highest peak in Africa ?
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
What do bicornate animals have two of ?
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
What is a fear of weakness ?
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
What does G.M.T. stand for ?
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
How do I tie dye clothes ?
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
What makes popcorn pop ?
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
Who painted Mother and Child ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
What was Mao 's second name ?
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
Where do hyenas live ?
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
How many referees work a soccer game ?
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
What is the Jewish bible called ?
Why is the grass green ?
What is a firewall ?
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
What was known as the Spice Island ?
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
What do economists do ?
What country has the largest sheep population ?
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
What does SIDS stand for ?
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
Who is the president of Stanford University ?
Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
What city is Logan Airport in ?
What is a nanometer ?
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
When did CNN go on the air ?
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
Who invented baseball ?
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
What is a fear of thunder ?
What animal has killed the most people ?
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
When was the Battle of Hastings ?
What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
When did Muhammad live ?
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
What is a wop ?
Where do rocks come from ?
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
What is the best college in the country ?
What is viscosity ?
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
What are the Nordic nations ?
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What is a fear of bees ?
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
What is a green bog ?
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
What attracts tourists to Reims ?
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
What 's an auberge in France ?
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
What does ribavirin consist of ?
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
What was her real name ?
Why are the ears your center of balance ?
Who invented the toothbrush ?
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
What is a fear of being alone ?
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
How many hearts does an octopus have ?
What plant has the largest seed ?
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
What is the longest word in the English language ?
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
What percentage of the body is muscle ?
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
What is a golf ball made of ?
What is the Amish religion ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
What animals do you find in the stock market ?
What is color ?
When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
What is a Jellicle Cat ?
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
What is the second hardest substance ?
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
When is Bastille Day ?
What makes a tornado turn ?
How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
Who is Coronado ?
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
What is artificial intelligence ?
What do flatfish eat ?
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
What is the origin of the word , magic ?
What sport do you shag flies in ?
What is white chocolate ?
Where is Trinidad ?
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
What kind of wine is Spumante ?
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
What does the name Gina mean ?
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
How fast is light ?
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
What are shooting stars ?
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
Who is Desmond Tutu ?
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
Name a tiger that is extinct .
How many quarters equal a pound ?
What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
Who is the worst US President ever ?
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
How fast does the fastest car go ?
What is the highest mountain in the world ?
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
What is a fear of passing high objects ?
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
What is the rarest coin ?
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
What is a fear of parasites ?
In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
Who does data collection in tourism ?
What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
What does a nihilist believe in ?
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?
What are amphibians ?
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
What is the fear of being loved ?
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
How far can a man travel in outer space ?
Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
What type of food makes you fat ?
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?
What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
What is the plural of gulf ?
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
What 's the first day of the week ?
What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
What is Bombay duck ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
What is a virtual IP address ?
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
What county is Chicago in ?
What is the wingspan of a condor ?
What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
What color were their horses ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?
What are the two languages of Malta ?
How many oceans are there and name them ?
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
What does the name Shawn mean ?
Where is the Danube ?
What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
What do you call a group of geese ?
Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
How do I start a bank ?
How do Ouija Boards work ?
What horse did Zorro ride ?
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
Why did the chicken cross the road ?
What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
Who is Barbara Jordan ?
Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
What is being done about the millennium bug ?
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
What is Olestra ?
What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
When was Hurricane Hugo ?
What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
What is prepared mustard ?
What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
What is Colin Powell best known for ?
Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
What is measured in curies ?
Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
Italy is the largest producer of what ?
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
What is Spumante ?
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
What is an isthmus ?
What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
Where is Mozambique located ?
What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
How do fuel injectors work ?
How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
What does NAFTA stand for ?
Who invented silly putty ?
What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?
Who patented the first phonograph ?
What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
What do manatees eat ?
How do you say 2 in Latin ?
What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
What is November 's birthstone ?
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
What is the longest English word ?
What is the purpose of a car bra ?
What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
Who is Colin Powell ?
What species is a colt ?
What is the full name of the PLO ?
What is the smallest country in Africa ?
Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
What age followed the Bronze Age ?
What is her profession ?
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
What does the word LASER mean ?
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
What is a rhomboideus minor ?
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
How many people died on D-Day ?
What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
Who created the character of Scrooge ?
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
Where is Windsor Castle ?
When did the Dow first reach ?
Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
What are the Benelux countries ?
Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
Where is Tornado Alley ?
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
What color are school buses ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
What are the seven virtues ?
What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
When was the San Francisco fire ?
What is a fear of food ?
How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
What year did the Vietnam War end ?
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
What 's the longest river in the world ?
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
What 's the sacred river of India ?
What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
Name the largest country in South America .
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
What makes thunder ?
What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
What plant is rum made from ?
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
What was archy , and mehitabel ?
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
What country did the Nile River originate in ?
What color are tennis balls ?
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
What is Australia Day ?
What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
What was the Chivington Massacre ?
What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
Where can I find information on George Bush ?
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
When are sheep shorn ?
What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
What is the definition of low island ?
What century does Captain Video live in ?
What types of water pollution are there ?
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
Where is Logan Airport ?
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
How do you find oxidation numbers ?
What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
What are the Greek numerals ?
What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
What is a fear of sleep ?
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : `` I still can 't believe it- we beat the Russians ? ''
What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
What causes someone to be ticklish ?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?
Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
Who invented batteries ?
Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
What London street is the home of British journalism ?
What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
What is the Immaculate Conception ?
What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?
What format was VHS 's main competition ?
What is Candlemas Day ?
In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
Where is Tufts University ?
What is a pyrotechnic display ?
How do I find out about jobs ?
What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
What is a fear of being cold ?
How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
What province is Edmonton located in ?
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
What is California 's state bird ?
What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?
What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
How many James Bond novels are there ?
How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
What bird can swim but can 't fly ?
How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
What is Plc ?
How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
How many acres in a mile ?
What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?
What is a hyperlink ?
Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
Where did marijuana come from ?
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?
What novel has Big Brother watching ?
How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
What does Elysium mean ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
What is Shalom ?
What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?
What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?
What generation am I in ?
What is a fear of hell ?
Who is Dear Abby ?
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
What is Jell-O made from ?
Who was Monet ?
What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
Where is Guam ?
Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
What is the executor in a will ?
What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?
How many people in America snore ?
Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
Who sought to create The Great Society ?
What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
What is an arab strap ?
How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,
Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?
Where did guinea pigs originate ?
What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?
Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
When was the slinky invented ?
What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
What is a fear of cold ?
What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
What causes rust ?
Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?
What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?
What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?
What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?
What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?
What is a handheld PC ?
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
What is Larry King 's job ?
How many calories are in a tomato ?
In what state was the first co-educational college established
What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
What is the treatment for depression ?
What is a fear of slime ?
What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?
What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
When was Dick Clark born ?
What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
What happened to Moon Maiden ?
What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
What are the Urals ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
Who was Lacan ?
What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
Name a Gaelic language .
What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
How big is a quart ?
What is the Hub of London ?
Jude Law acted in which film ?
What causes panic attacks ?
What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
What is typhoid fever ?
Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
What are the Twin Cities ?
What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .
Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?
How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
How many questions are on this thing ?
Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
Why are there olives in martinis ?
In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
What did The Gas House Gang play ?
How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?
What is the highest Roman numeral ?
What 's the most popular form of bridge ?
Who was the inventor of the stove ?
What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
What are the first ten amendements passed ?
What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
What is the best Internet business to go into ?
What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
What are the largest breweries in the world ?
What does Las Vegas mean ?
What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
What keeps clouds in the air ?
What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
What is graduate school ?
What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?
Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?
What does the abbreviation cwt. ?
In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
Where is Rider College located ?
What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
Where was the first restaurant ?
Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
How many horses died during the civil war ?
How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?
What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
How do you reference a website ?
What is pandoro ?
What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?
Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
How do I install a tile floor ?
What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
Why was the zipper invented ?
What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
Name four famous cartoon cats .
What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
What is the world 's highest peak ?
What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
Define cosmology .
What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
What are amicable numbers ?
When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
What is the goat population of the world ?
What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?
What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
What are the most common elements in seawater ?
Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
What is a stratocaster ?
What kind of science is cosmology ?
Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
What 's the second-lightest element ?
What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
What is the brand name of daminozide ?
What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?
What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
Who made the first gas engine ?
What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
How many questions do you have on your database ?
How do clouds form ?
Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
Where is Ocho Rios ?
What is the half-life of P-32 ?
What ocean does Mauritania border ?
Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
What country is Kosovo a part of ?
Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
What computer operating system is on the most computers ?
What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
What animals can live the longest without food ?
What English queen had seventeen children ?
What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
How much does the President get paid ?
What two baseball players make up the battery ?
What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?
What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
Name an art gallery in New York .
Who sells Viagra ?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
What is the Home Rule Act ?
What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
What are Bellworts ?
Who was Darius ?
What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
Who did Dita Beard work for ?
What kind of creature is a coot ?
Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .
What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?
What is a fear of disease ?
What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?
What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?
What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?
Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
What continent is Bolivia on ?
Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What does the name Kelly mean ?
What is a phalanx ?
What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?
What does e.g. stand for ?
What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
How do storms form ?
Who is Nicolo Paganini ?
What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?
What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .
How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
What 's an infant seal called ?
What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?
What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
How long does a dog sleep ?
What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?
What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
What is the tallest building in Japan ?
Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
What are some important events of the 1830 's ?
The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?
What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .
What is God ?
What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?
What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?
What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?
What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?
What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
What is a meerkat ?
Who was Jean Nicolet ?
What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
Which of these are authors ?
What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
What is cache memory ?
Aspartame is also known as what ?
Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
Whose cupboard was bare ?
What are the seven seas ?
What does IBM stand for ?
What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
What is the C programming language ?
What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
What is the origin of the atom ?
Who is the Voyager project manager ?
Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
What sport is played on the largest field ?
Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
What is after death ?
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
What is the website for the USA journal ?
What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
Why are haunted houses popular ?
Which gender has bigger thighs ?
What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
How fast do cheetahs run ?
What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?
What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
How far is London UK from California ?
Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?
What is the virus HIV ?
How many years old is Benny Carter ?
What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
What is the alphabet for Latin ?
What is the fear of frogs ?
Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
How old is Stevie Wonder ?
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
What is the first personal computer company ?
What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
Who was Jane Goodall ?
Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
Where is the Isle of Man ?
What book did Aaron Hass write ?
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
When will the millennium officially begin ?
Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?
Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
What is real time processing ?
What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
What country 's capital is Lagos ?
Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
Where did Honecker rule ?
What is the theory of equivalence states ?
What does a philatelist collect ?
What is the life span of the average monkey ?
How many member states are in the UN ?
Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
What 's the meaning of UOL ?
What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
Who was the architect of Central Park ?
Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
How many milliseconds in a second ?
What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
Who was Thucydides ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
What are tonsils for ?
What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
What does a tarantula eat ?
What are the three secondary colors ?
What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
What is hebephrenia ?
What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
What were the causes of the Civil War ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
How can you prevent it ?
What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
Who is the fastest guitarist ?
What do camels store in their humps ?
What is the name of the second space shuttle ?
What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
What are perfect tenses ?
What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
What was another name for East Germany ?
What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?
Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
What is a bourdon tube ?
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
Who were the Picts ?
What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
What is film noir ?
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
What causes tuberculosis ?
How tall is the giraffe ?
What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
What lake is Sheboygan on ?
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
What is a fear of color ?
What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
What are the two largest birds on earth ?
Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
What is the largest lake in North America ?
How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
What is Head Start ?
What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?
What is saltpeter ?
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
Silly putty was invented by whom ?
What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
How can someone become a federal agent ?
Who invented the paper clip ?
Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?
How can you be happy ?
How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?
What is a fear of gravity ?
Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
Where are all European and American eels born ?
Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?
What is the function of the appendix ?
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
What U.S. state ends with a G ?
How many varieties of twins are there ?
What is a Cartesian Diver ?
What are the largest libraries in the US ?
How many people live in the Falklands ?
Who was Camp David named for ?
What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
What country boasts the most dams ?
What is the regular price ?
What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
Where can one find Mozambique ?
How do you recognize anorexia ?
What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
What is the largest variety of cactus ?
Who won the first World Series ?
What did Aaron Hass write ?
Who is Samuel Pickering ?
What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?
Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?
When was Queen Victoria born ?
How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
What is worth seeing in Reims ?
What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
When was Yemen reunified ?
What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
What organization has a Security Council ?
How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
What does NECROSIS mean ?
What is magnetar ?
What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?
What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
What is the federal minimum wage ?
Mississippi is nicknamed what ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
Where is Santa Lucia ?
What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
What year did Apartheid start ?
Who created Big Ben ?
What city is found in the city of OZ ?
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?
What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
What is a Devo hat ?
How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
How many people live in Tokyo ?
What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
What are birds descendents of ?
When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
How does a scientific calculator work ?
What is a fear of fur ?
Who invented the game Scrabble ?
What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?
When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
Why do we have to go to school ?
What is Toulmin logic ?
A corgi is a kind of what ?
What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
What is a dangling participle ?
What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
When was the first flush toilet invented ?
What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
How old is the sun ?
What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
How do I write to my Congressman ?
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
What is the term for a group of geese ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
What is moxie ?
What was the first Sam Spade novel ?
What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
What is a fear of strong light ?
What is a person called that likes fire ?
Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
Name a South African diamond producer ?
Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
What is Nitrox diving ?
What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
What happened in the Long March ?
What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
How can I find online spelling ?
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
Who made Stonehenge ?
What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
How many meters are in a mile ?
What is a gas release event ?
What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
How many milligrams are in a gram ?
What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
Where did he get the title ?
Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
How long is human gestation ?
What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
Where does Mother Angelica live ?
How can I find out my Moon sign ?
Why does a candle need a wick ?
Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?
What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
What 's the population of Mississippi ?
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
How old is Jeremy Piven ?
What is the history of yo-yos ?
Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
Where is Amsterdam ?
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
Aspartame is known by what other name ?
What is pasta ?
Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
What color is `` ash '' ?
What is the best distance education university or college ?
What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
How often are quadruplets born ?
How does psorisis disappear ?
How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
What three colors are on the French flag ?
What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
What are the seven wonders of the world ?
What does CNN stand for ?
What is a person called that likes fire ?
Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
What constitutes an adult ?
What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
What is a neurosurgeon ?
What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
What are amaretto biscuits ?
What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
How do I give a good massage ?
Who is the father of the computer ?
What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
What is the definition of cosmology ?
What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
What are manifest and latent function theories ?
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
Why do men snore ?
What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
What does an echidna look like ?
What is the secret of the universe ?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
What is glass made of ?
How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
What are the biggest Indian airports ?
What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
Who is the Pope ?
Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
What do the French call La Manche ?
What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
How do you clean up a cache ?
What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
What is a fear of being dirty ?
What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
What 's the Red Planet ?
The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
What 's the most common surname in America ?
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
What is tumbled marble ?
What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
Where did bocci originate ?
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
What are the Valdez Principles ?
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
What is the frequency of VHF ?
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
What is digitalis ?
What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?
What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
Who was William Henry Harrison ?
What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
What is `` flintknapping '' ?
What 's the most popular contact lens color ?
What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
What is the fastest fish in the world ?
What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?
What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
What countries have the best math students ?
When was the De Beers company founded ?
What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?
Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
What 's another name for aspartame ?
What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
What is the date of Bastille Day ?
What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
What does Tiffany mean ?
Why do magnets attract ?
How do you address a Chinese person ?
What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
How do I impress a guy ?
What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
What determines the value of the pearl ?
Which country did Hitler rule ?
What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?
Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
What are the alveoli ?
What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
How many Leos have been Pope ?
What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?
What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
What is ethylene ?
What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
What is a fear of clouds ?
What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
What is a fear of pregnancy ?
What is the population in India ?
What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
How long do flies live ?
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?
What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
What is deadrise , nautical , ?
What 's the official language of Algeria ?
What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. . '' ?
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
What foods contain the most protein ?
What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
Who invented the game bowling ?
What are the snakes of New England ?
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
How long does a human live ?
Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
What is a gandy dancer ?
Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
What is the dot on an the letter i called ?
What 's the capital of Iowa ?
Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is a fear of odors , body , ?
What is the formula to calculate pi ?
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
How do you write a book report ?
What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?
What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?
Who made the first surfboard ?
What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
What does a deltiologist collect ?
What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
When was the first Barbie produced ?
What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
What is a wart ?
What is spaceball played on ?
How does rabies spread ?
What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
What are fingernails made of ?
What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?
Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
When did the Jurassic Period end ?
What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
What caused the Titanic to sink ?
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
How does an ion drive work ?
How can I trace my family roots ?
What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
What is another word for diet ?
What is a courier ?
What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
What ice creams contain seaweed ?
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
What was called the world 's largest department store ?
What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
How many different vegetation zones are there ?
What does LOL mean ?
What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
What does e=mc2 mean ?
What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
How do I contact answers.com ?
What are the names of the different toes ?
What are different products of petroleum ?
What causes asthma ?
When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?
What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
What is a heuristic ?
What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?
Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?
How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
Why can 't ostriches fly ?
Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
What is a fear of motion ?
What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
What is a fear of glass ?
In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
Where is Inoco based ?
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?
What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
What is a Jake brake ?
What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
What cards are bullets ?
What is the average age a horse lives ?
What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?
Which language has the most words ?
Where is Natick ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?
Who is Shirley MacLaine ?
What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?
What is a fear of water ?
What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?
Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
Where are the Union Stockyards ?
Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?
How much salt is in the oceans ?
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?
What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?
Who won World War II ?
Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
What is the weakest bone in the body ?
What is dew point ?
Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?
How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
How do you become a dentist ?
Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
How many wings does a flea have ?
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
What is the population of Mozambique ?
What is multimedia ?
What state has the most Indians ?
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
What does hazmat stand for ?
What is `` bloodhound '' ?
How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?
What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?
What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?
Where is Dartmouth College ?
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?
What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
What does IOC stand for ?
Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?
Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
How does a glacier form ?
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
What is the largest city in the world ?
What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?
Who was Whitcomb Judson ?
What is the average weight for a man ?
What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
What fuel do airplanes use ?
Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
What does palindromic mean ?
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
Which ear can most people hear better with ?
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?
Who shoplifts ?
What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
What is the Socratic method ?
What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?
What is hypertext ?
How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
When was Calypso music invented ?
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?
What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
How old is Bernadette Peters ?
Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
What day of the week was July 13 ?
Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
What is a fear of insanity ?
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?
Who is Langston Hughes ?
What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
What year was the NAACP founded ?
In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
What is Greek pita ?
What do peacocks mate with ?
Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
What tools do you use to crewel ?
What is narcolepsy ?
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
Where is the Orange Bowl ?
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
What is the size of Argentina ?
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
What is leukemia ?
What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
How many grooves are on a dime ?
What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
How many different types of skunks are there ?
Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?
What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?
What is hyperopia ?
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?
What United States city produces the most oil ?
How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?
What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?
What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is e-commerce ?
Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?
How did names come about ?
What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?
What is her husband 's name ?
What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''
Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?
Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
Who is the Queen of Holland ?
What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
Where 's the GUM department store ?
What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?
What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
What year was the ATM first introduced ?
What are all the southern states of the United States ?
Who is Johnny Carson ?
What does 7847+5943 equal ?
What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?
Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?
How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?
What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?
In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
What state is Mount McKinley in ?
How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
What is swap math ?
What is hypnotherapy ?
What is RCD ?
How large is Missouri 's population ?
Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?
When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
How can I find out my biorhythm ?
Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
What is a fear of touching ?
What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?
Who killed Caesar ?
Where is Kings Canyon ?
What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?
Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
Which is the most-used computer program ?
What is the root of all evil ?
What animal has the best hearing ?
What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
What is a fear of drinking ?
What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
How many varieties of apple are there ?
Who is Count Cinzano ?
Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?
What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?
Why does it snow ?
What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
How do windmills work ?
What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?
What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
What money was used by them ?
What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?
Where did the Inuits live ?
What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?
How did Rocky Marciano die ?
Who invented the road traffic cone ?
What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?
What does Visine get out ?
What civilization invented the arch ?
What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?
What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?
What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
What is the definition of hazmat ?
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .
Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?
What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
What is crabgrass ?
What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?
Who is Stephen Hawking ?
What does SHIELD stand for ?
How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?
What is The Gay Science ?
Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?
What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
What is a Guild ?
What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
Name a civil war battlefield .
When do you plant winter wheat ?
What will a compass do in outer space ?
How many counties are in Indiana ?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?
Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?
What Aesop 's fable has the moral : `` The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
What is a hydrogen bond ?
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
What does a woman want ?
What is the protection rate of using condoms ?
What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
Which continent has the most roses ?
What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?
How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
What is your favorite color ?
What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
How many corners does a spritsail have ?
What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?
What is a multiplexer ?
What credit card features a centurion on its face ?
What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
What are the Poconos ?
What does caliente mean , in English ?
What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
What is the mission of Nike ?
What is thalassemia ?
How far can you see ?
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?
Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?
When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
What do the Japanese call Japan ?
What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
What English word has the most letters ?
What film ends with the line : `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?
Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?
What is June 's birthstone ?
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
Who invented the Wonderbra ?
What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?
What state capital comes last alphabetically ?
Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?
How do telephones work ?
What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?
What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
What is diabetes ?
What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?
When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?
In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?
What is a fear of punishment ?
What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?
What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?
What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?
What 's a short ton ?
How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
What two body parts grow all your life ?
What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
What country has the port of Haifa ?
What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?
What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?
What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?
What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
What is goldenseal ?
Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
What is the Lost Colony ?
What is the chemical composition of a Barbie ?
How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?
What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
What is Tetrinet ?
What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
What is Chiricahua the name of ?
What 's the green variety of beryl called ?
What was the name of Captain Bligh 's ship ?
Which is heavier - cream or milk ?
Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
Where is Romania located ?
How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
What age is Benny Carter ?
How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
What is amezaiku ?
What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?
What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?
Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?
What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?
How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?
What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
Who is the sexiest women in the world ?
What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?
How do you handle a hungry man ?
Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?
What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?
What are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?
What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?
What are some good exercises for kids to do ?
How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is the principal river of Ireland ?
What lake is the source of the White Nile ?
Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
How much does a poodle weigh ?
What is Zionism ?
What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?
What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
What else has the swastika stood for ?
Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
What are the 7 Wonders of the World ?
When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
How many people have been Captain America ?
What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?
Where is the human skin least sensitive ?
What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
What are all the rivers in Europe ?
Who won the Superbowl in ?
What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?
In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?
What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
What is the full classification of a lady bug ?
What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971 ?
How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?
What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
How do you box train a cat ?
How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?
What newspaper serves Salt Lake City ?
The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
How does lightning travel ?
What spice do chefs pay the most for ?
Who directed Citizen Kane ?
What is troilism ?
What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?
What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
What is HTML ?
How do you identify prime numbers ?
Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?
What high school does Archie attend ?
What animal migrates the farthest ?
What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?
Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
Madonna hocks which soft drink ?
What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?
In what country is Lund ?
What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?
What is the capital of Seattle ?
What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
What city in Florida is Sea World in ?
Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
What 's a water funnel ?
What is a fear of worms ?
What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
What does an emperor do ?
What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?
Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?
What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?
How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
What food can I use to catch a possum ?
What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?
What is the largest city in Germany ?
What is a fear of cholera ?
What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?
What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?
What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?
How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?
What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
How does hair curl ?
What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
How long do hermit crabs live ?
What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?
What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?
What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?
What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?
Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?
What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?
What does a collier mine ?
How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?
What are the ages in comic book lingo ?
What kinds of animals are in Cambodia ?
What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?
What date did man first land on the moon ?
Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?
How many web servers are there ?
What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
How come light bulbs go out ?
For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?
How far out is the universe ?
What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?
Where did the Mayan Indians live ?
Where was Poe born ?
What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
What is a fear of crystals or glass ?
Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
Where did Dylan Thomas die ?
What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?
How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
What can communications satellites offer yachts ?
How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
Who is the premier of China ?
What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
How many bones are there in the human hand ?
What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?
Who was the president of Vichy France ?
Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?
What is hydrogen ?
What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?
What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?
What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
What is recruitment interview technique ?
How does a hurricane form ?
What does the donation process entail ?
How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
How many people watch network television ?
What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?
Who first broke the sound barrier ?
How do birds have sex ?
How many horses are there on a polo team ?
What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 : 24 ?
What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?
What is Occam 's Razor ?
Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?
What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
How is thalassemia defined ?
What 's the name of the Tampa newspaper ?
What is a storm surge ?
How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
What was the alternate to VHS ?
What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?
What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?
How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
How is cologne made ?
What was the food of the Greek gods called ?
What does camera-ready art mean ?
How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?
What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?
What time of year do most people fly ?
Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
When is the Thai New Year ?
What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?
What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?
Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?
What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
What does caliente translate to in English ?
Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
How far can a human eye see ?
What time of year has the most air travel ?
What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
When was the G7 group of nations formed ?
What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
What baseball player was walked the most times ?
What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?
What were the first frozen foods ?
Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
When did they canonize the Bible ?
Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?
What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?
When did the Carolingian period begin ?
What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?
Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?
How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?
What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?
What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?
What is a virtual IP address ?
What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?
Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?
What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?
What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?
What U.S. vice-president said : `` Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?
How do movie blues screens work ?
How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?
What was the Vietnam War ?
What is La Nina ?
Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?
On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?
What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
What is meant by blood SED rate ?
Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?
Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?
What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
Where is your corpus callosum ?
What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''
Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
Why is the development of space so important ?
What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?
When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?
What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
What does Aaron mean ?
What is a fear of hair ?
What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
What is a conifer ?
Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
What is different about the red and black fox ?
What is e-commerce ?
How do I tie a tie ?
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?
What is chromatology ?
How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
How was the ACLU formed ?
What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
The second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?
What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?
What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?
What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?
Name a female figure skater .
Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
Where did George of the Jungle live ?
How did Bob Marley die ?
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?
Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?
Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?
What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?
Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?
What does a heliologist study ?
Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?
What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
How many Americans have HIV ?
Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?
Who is the Antichrist ?
What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?
Which Latin American country is the largest ?
What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?
How many teats does a female goat sport ?
How tall is kilamanjaro ?
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?
What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?
What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?
What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?
Where is the biggest bell ?
What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
How do microwaves work ?
What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?
Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?
What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?
CNN is owned by whom ?
What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?
What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?
Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
How is digital audio used ?
What is AFS ?
Who was Quetzalcoatl ?
What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?
What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?
What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?
How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
What famed river flows through Bagdad ?
How is bubble wrap made ?
What is Java ?
Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?
Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?
Who is the president of the Spanish government ?
Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?
Who invented the stethoscope ?
What is a mathematical factor ?
How many four star generals were there and who are they ?
When did Nixon die ?
What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?
What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?
How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?
What country contains the highest point in South America ?
What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?
Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
Who developed potlatch ?
How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?
What made Jane Goodall famous ?
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
How old was Gene Siskel ?
What can be done about snoring ?
What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?
What does a chiropodist treat ?
What is porphyria ?
What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?
Who was the first king of England ?
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
Who killed Kurt Cobain ?
Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?
What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
How does blood clot ?
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
When is a woman most fertile ?
What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?
Who was the first man to return to space ?
What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?
What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?
What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
Who shot Billy the Kid ?
What is he doing now ?
What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
What video format was an alternative to VHS ?
Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
What is money made of ?
What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
How many people in Tucson ?
Where is Melbourne ?
With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?
What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?
What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?
What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?
Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?
What is it like to experience a near death episode ?
What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?
What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?
How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?
Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
What is literary criticism ?
How do you throw a housewarming party ?
What international sport was originally called hurley ?
What river runs through Liverpool ?
What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
What country was Kim Philby really working for ?
What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?
What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?
How many years make up a lustrum ?
What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?
What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?
What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?
What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?
When was the NFL established ?
Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?
What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?
What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?
What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?
At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?
Where is Mile High Stadium ?
What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?
What is limbo ?
What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?
What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?
What are the stars made of ?
What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?
How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?
What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?
How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
What is a tonne ?
Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?
What is DEET ?
What company sells the most greeting cards ?
What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?
What is difference between a poster and a print ?
In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?
What is false consciousness ?
How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?
Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
When was Richard Nixon born ?
What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?
When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?
What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?
What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?
What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?
What is a First World country ?
Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?
What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?
How does salt melt ice and snow ?
What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?
What does laser stand for ?
Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?
Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
How far away is the moon ?
What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?
What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?
Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?
What is DTMF ?
Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .
What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?
Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann ?
When did Amtrak begin operations ?
How many bones are in the human hand ?
How many chemical elements are there ?
What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
What are the three most populated countries in the world ?
Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?
What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?
What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?
What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?
What is the largest office block in the world ?
Who turned all he touched to gold ?
What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?
What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?
Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
What 's a male witch called ?
How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?
Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?
On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
What happens to used motor oil ?
What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?
What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?
How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
What did Tristan come back as ?
What country will hit the year 2 first ?
What colors make up a rainbow ?
What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?
Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
What is Goldfinger 's first name ?
What square is the geographical center of London ?
Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
What is the most populated city in the world ?
How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
What does JESSICA mean ?
What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?
Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?
What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?
What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat ?
What is Boston Kreme ?
Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?
How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?
What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
What is a swatch ?
What does Ouija mean ?
How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
What kind of fish is a coney ?
What state did Helen Keller call home ?
What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?
What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?
What film was Jude Law in ?
Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?
What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?
What is a fear of going to bed ?
Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?
What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
What is a caul ?
Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
What is a bone marrow transplant ?
What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?
What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?
What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?
What does an edentulous smile lack ?
What is a fear of jealousy ?
Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
What is the largest sculpture in the world ?
When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
What is home banking ?
What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?
Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?
How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
How do you stop junk snail mail ?
What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?
How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
Where is Belize located ?
What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?
What did Thomas Paine write ?
Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?
What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?
Who wrote Brave New World ?
What state does Charles Robb represent ?
What is hydroelectricity ?
How many people are taller than 7 feet ?
Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
How many islands make up Antigua ?
How does an abacus work ?
What causes rust ?
What is the fear of the computer called ?
What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?
What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?
Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?
What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
What was the name of the television show , starring Karl Madsen , that had San Francisco in the title ?
Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
What is splatterpunk ?
What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
Who built the first pyramid ?
What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?
What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon ?
What is a 2-sided object called ?
Name a French fascist party .
Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .
What movie has made the most money ?
What is time ?
How many states have a lottery ?
What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?
What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
How many cities are there in Utah ?
What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?
What is the population of Mexico ?
How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
What is the best online games site ?
Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
What is a cake of soap ?
In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?
What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
What does MSG stand for ?
On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?
Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?
Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
What is April 's gemstone ?
What is the present Pope named ?
Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?
What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?
How many bytes are in a terabyte ?
Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?
In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion ?
Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
What country 's flag is field green ?
What sport is known for hooligans ?
Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
Who was Damocles ?
What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?
Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
When was the Congress of Vienna ?
What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?
How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?
How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
What concerts are held in New York this week ?
In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?
What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?
How old is Benny Carter ?
What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?
What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?
What is idealab ! ?
What country borders the most others ?
What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?
Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?
What is Win Rah ?
Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?
What does VCR stand for ?
How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
Name a novel written by John Steinbeck .
Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?
What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
How do boats float ?
What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?
Who founded the Unification Church ?
How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?
What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?
What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?
What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?
What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
Where does tuberculosis come from ?
Who invented the lawnmower ?
Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?
What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?
What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?
What playing card symbolizes death ?
What is an urban legend ?
What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?
How many liberty bells have there been ?
What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
What is Smartnet ?
What is a synonym for aspartame ?
Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?
How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?
What animal do buffalo wings come from ?
What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
What is the feudal system ?
Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?
What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?
What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
What are the components of polyester ?
What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?
What is the longest river in the United States ?
What does the channel ESPN stand for ?
What river is Windsor Castle on ?
What is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?
What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?
What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?
What is the name of a Greek god ?
What 's the capital of Taiwan ?
What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?
What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?
What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940 ?
What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?
CNN is an acronym for what ?
What is the origin of the name Igor ?
What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?
What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
Where in the United States do people live the longest ?
What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
What was the first minimum wage ?
What is the difference between a college and a university ?
What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
What effect does a prism have on light ?
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
What is software piracy ?
What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?
What are some children 's rights ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?
Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?
What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?
Who was Red Grange ?
What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
What series of trials followed World War II ?
What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?
Who invented the fax machine ?
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called ?
Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?
How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
Who was Santos-Dumont ?
How many meters are in a mile ?
What is a fear of money ?
About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
Who is Robin Williams ?
Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
How do you make dumplings ?
What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what ?
What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?
What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?
What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .
What country borders Denmark to the south ?
What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?
What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?
Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
What is thermal equilibrium ?
What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
How many neurons are in the human brain ?
What is a fear of reptiles ?
What does Knight Ridder publish ?
What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?
What can one see in Reims ?
How is an executioner determined ?
What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?
What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?
What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?
What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
How many lakes are there on the Earth ?
What is Doegs ?
Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?
How long does a fly live ?
What two major world religions began in India ?
How many pounds are there in a stone ?
What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?
How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
How do you select wine ?
Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?
How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?
How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
What is a fear of stings ?
Jude Law was in what movie ?
What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?
Who is the leader of India ?
Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
What is infomatics ?
What is the purpose of BIOS ?
Where is the Keck telescope ?
What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?
Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?
Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?
What are some good medical sites for information ?
What does a resurrectionist steal ?
Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?
What is the best art and design school in the world ?
What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?
What does NASA stand for ?
Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
What manufacturers are there in Texas ?
Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?
Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?
What is a pig in a poke ?
Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?
Where is Los Vegas ?
Name the country which Honecker lived in .
What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?
What is a cullion ?
What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?
What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?
What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?
Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?
What university fired Angela Davis ?
What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?
In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?
What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?
Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?
What is barnstorming ?
What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
What was the importance of Magellan ?
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?
What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?
Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?
What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?
Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
What four tastes can a human distinguish ?
What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
What date is Boxing Day ?
How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?
What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?
How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
What is a leper ?
What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
What was George Washington afraid of ?
What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
Who wrote the Bible ?
What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?
Who is Henry Butler ?
What debts did Qintex group leave ?
Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?
What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
What did San Francisco 's Milt Harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?
Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?
What is a philanthropist ?
What is a portal ?
What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?
What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?
How many types of cheese are there in France ?
How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
How many websites are there in the world ?
What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
Who made the first airplane ?
What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?
What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?
What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?
How do they produce vitamins ?
The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?
What do penguins eat ?
What organization is the Security Council a part of ?
What is New England 's highest mountain ?
What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?
What does idle mean ?
What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?
What is a serigraph ?
What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?
Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
What year did the War of 1812 begin ?
What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?
What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?
Who is Peter Weir ?
What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
How many verses are in the Bible ?
What is endometriosis ?
What is a geoscientist ?
What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
What are all the different types of pizza ?
From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
What does BTU mean ?
What government department did The Untouchables work for ?
What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
What is the VDRL test of blood ?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
Where is the largest dam in the world ?
Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?
Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
Why is hockey so violent ?
In what part of the world is Mozambique ?
Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?
Who created Maudie Frickett ?
What is a leaky heart valve ?
How can I give myself a French manicure ?
Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?
What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?
What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?
On what river is Strasbourg built ?
What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?
Where are the busiest ports in the world ?
What is the pig population of the world ?
How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?
What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?
What are the Low Countries ?
What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
Aspartame is also called what ?
What is a fear of trees ?
What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy ?
Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?
Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?
To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?
Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?
What exactly is radiation ?
What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?
What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?
What river runs through Liverpool ?
What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
When was child labor abolished ?
How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
What 's the longest river in Canada ?
What is osteichthyes ?
What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?
How do you do a topic outline ?
What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
How many millimeters are in a mile ?
How big is a baby bald eagle ?
What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?
What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?
What is the fastest computer ?
Who founded the modern theory of probability ?
What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
How many people did Randy Craft murder ?
Who 's The King of Swing ?
What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?
What does the term glory hole mean ?
What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?
How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?
What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?
What is a fear of sourness ?
What was Thatcher 's first name ?
How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?
What do insects do through their spiracles ?
Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?
What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
What is a fear of rejection ?
What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
What is the best selling computer model ever ?
What is a fear of food ?
Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
Name of King Arthur 's sword ?
What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?
Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
What does the name Calder mean ?
Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?
What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?
What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?
What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?
By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?
How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?
What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?
What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?
Where is Rider College ?
Where was chop suey invented ?
How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
What is Archimedes famous for ?
Where does dew come from ?
How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?
What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?
What do you call a book of quotes ?
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
What are some mythology websites ?
What is cunnilingus ?
Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart , Mary Astor , and Sidney Greenstreet ?
What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
What is object-oriented design ?
Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
What is the population of Kansas ?
Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?
Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
Name the tree growing company .
What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?
How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
Where did the world come from ?
What does verdandi mean ?
What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?
Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
How can you define time ?
What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?
What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?
What does HIV stand for ?
What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?
How is plastic made ?
What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?
What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?
How do ants have sex ?
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
What is HDLC ?
What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?
What is a nematode ?
What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?
What does a phobophobe fear ?
What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
What country has the highest arson rate ?
What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat ?
What do sailors use to measure time ?
Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?
What city does Orly Airport serve ?
Where did Woodstock take place ?
What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?
What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?
What is the average time to kiss somene ?
What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
What New Orleans D.A. claimed : `` My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
Where can one find Rider College ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?
What spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
What does the word affiant mean ?
What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?
How big is Australia ?
What does it take to be a hero ?
How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
What animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
What is a fear of ruin ?
What countries have the most auto thefts ?
Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?
What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?
What does the word terrorism mean ?
Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?
What does N est-ce pas mean ?
Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats .
What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?
How can I get a CCT diagram ?
Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?
What is the most popular sports car color ?
What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?
What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?
What is a plant supplement ?
Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?
When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?
How do you do a bibliography page ?
What occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?
How loud is thunder ?
What California governor said : `` Inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
What is an ecological niche ?
Who is Desmond Tutu ?
Who was the first person to study the stars ?
Where did the term fireplug come from ?
What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?
Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?
What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
How many elephants are left on earth ?
What is a softball made of ?
What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?
Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?
What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?
When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
What is a drought ?
What are the benefits of home school ?
What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
What is the best-selling book of all time ?
What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?
What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
Where can I get mailing lists ?
What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?
Who is the owner of CNN ?
How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?
What country lies directly south of Detroit ?
Where did surfing originate ?
Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?
How do companies cut paper so thin ?
What is the tallest mountain ?
What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?
What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
What 's the Hungarian word for pepper ?
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?
How many different countries export coffee ?
What is a fear of everything ?
How many continents are there ?
Which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
What is office automation ?
What instrument does Benny Carter play ?
What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?
What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
Where did the Maya people live ?
What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?
What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
Kosovo is a province of what country ?
What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?
Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?
What did the ancients call the four great elements ?
Where are the Haversian canals ?
What animal 's tail is called a brush ?
How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?
Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
How do wasps make their nests ?
When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
What kind of crystals exist ?
Which is the best opening move in chess ?
What do ladybugs eat ?
Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?
What is the Taj Majal made of ?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?
What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
What happened to Pompeii ?
What does a farrier put shoes on ?
Name a Sioux language .
What does saliva consist of ?
What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?
How many people have died of tuberculosis ?
What is another name for nearsightedness ?
How many days does a typical mayfly live ?
What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''
What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?
What is the definition of a witch ?
What are the cookies in Internet ?
How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?
What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
Why are so many umbrellas black ?
What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
Who was the first American world chess champion ?
What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?
Who was the last woman executed in England ?
How many school districts are there in the United States ?
How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?
What does snafu stand for ?
What color is Chablis ?
What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with ?
How much iron is in your body ?
What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
What are some good fractal web sites ?
What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?
What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?
How do cameras take pictures ?
How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?
What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
Where is Webster University ?
What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?
How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?
How old is Britney Spears ?
Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
What is proposition 98 about ?
What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?
Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim ?
What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
Who made the first airplane that could fly ?
What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?
Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
What makes salt ?
How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
How high is the city of Denver ?
Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?
When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?
Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?
How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?
What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?
Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
What is lung cancer ?
What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?
What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?
How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?
How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?
What does it take to become a lawyer ?
What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?
Who invented the fountain ?
What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?
What causes an earthquake ?
What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?
What are the main blood vessels ?
What does `` saute '' mean ?
Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
What type is a snail ?
Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?
Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?
How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
What are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?
Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?
Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?
What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
How do you say `` eat the day '' in Latin ?
What are super balls made of ?
What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?
What doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` There is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?
How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?
What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull ?
How tall is Prince Charles ?
What is the weight of air ?
What is a fear of children ?
What is ouzo ?
What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
What is the capital of Uruguay ?
What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?
How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
Who is William Wordsworth ?
What is making love ?
Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
What are the largest deserts in the world ?
Where is Qatar ?
Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
What is the richest state in the U.S. ?
Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
What is a urologist ?
What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
What 's bottled in jeroboams ?
Who won the rugby world cup in ?
What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?
How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
How many pins are used in skittles ?
What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?
Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
What is the history of the hairdryer ?
Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?
What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
What is a fear of sinning ?
Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?
What was the first minimum wage ?
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?
What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?
How many types of lemurs are there ?
What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?
What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?
What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
Who was Darth Vader 's son ?
What are the four most widely-used languages in North America ?
What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines ?
How do you make a million bucks ?
Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
What is the largest city in Connecticut ?
What is the population of the United States ?
What actor and actress have made the most movies ?
What is the definition of spamming ?
Who found Hawaii ?
What does IQ stand for ?
Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?
When did the American Civil War end ?
What country is the largest diamond producer ?
How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''
What is a fear of women ?
Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?
What are dinosaur droppings called ?
What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?
What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?
When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?
What kind of mammal is a colt ?
Who created Harry Lime ?
Why do many Native American students not complete college ?
What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?
What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?
What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen ?
What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?
What 's the capital of Monaco ?
What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?
How big is the Electoral College ?
What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?
Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?
Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?
How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
What state is the Filenes store located in ?
How does a bill become law ?
What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
What is a disaccharide ?
Colin Powell is most famous for what ?
What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?
How do you buy stocks ?
What does appropriates money mean ?
What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?
Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
Whose old London come-on was : `` Buy my sweet lavender '' ?
How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?
Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?
What is a `` False Moon '' ?
What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?
What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?
In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?
How long was the longest sneezing attack ?
How can I get rich quick ?
How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
What program do I need to run a .tbk file ?
What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?
What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?
What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
When did Nixon visit China ?
What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?
What country owns Corsica ?
How many queen bees reign in a hive ?
What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?
What is RAM in the computer ?
What is a `` repeating voter '' ?
What are dingoes ?
Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
How can I get someone 's email address ?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?
How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?
In what year was the Wall built ?
Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .
What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?
What are pomegranates ?
Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
What does Robin Williams do ?
What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?
What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?
What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
How do they find an epicenter ?
When was Christ born ?
Where do quality drinks begin ?
In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?
What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
Who is the French literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892 ?
What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?
Who killed Martin Luther King ?
Who owns the rights on a TV program ?
What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?
What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
What was Mae West 's last film ?
What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
Who invented Astroturf ?
What makes you fat ?
Name a flying mammal .
What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
What is the world record for the longest hair ?
What English word contains the most letters ?
How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?
What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?
How does James Bond like his martinis ?
What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?
What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked ?
What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
What is a wet dream ?
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
What camera company said , `` If you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
What happened to Pepsi Clear ?
How much does one ton of cement cost ?
What is a Mexican hairless ?
What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?
Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?
Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?
How did Socrates die ?
How many sides does an obelisk have ?
What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?
What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?
What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?
How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
What songs were popular in 1948 ?
In what year was the cannon invented ?
How many languages does the Pope speak ?
What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?
What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?
What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?
What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
Who was the first woman in space ?
What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
What professional sports league originated the college draft ?
What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
Who discovered imaginary numbers ?
Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?
How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
What religion has the most members ?
How many calories are there in a glass of water ?
Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
What is SVHS ?
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?
What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
What Georgia town did Scarlett O 'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
How many countries watch MTV Europe ?
What is SAP ?
What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?
In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?
Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?
How many eyes does a bat have ?
How do you say 2 in Latin ?
What was Dwight Eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
What is the origin of the word nevermind ?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
What is power steering ?
Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?
What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?
What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?
Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?
How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?
How many maids were milking ?
The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent ?
What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?
What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
Name four comic strips about pilots .
What geological time do we live in ?
How do you dunk ?
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
How do plants make food ?
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
When was China 's first nuclear test ?
What is the name given to a group of geese ?
Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?
How do I find a snowboarding website ?
What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?
How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?
What is a turnkey contract ?
What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
Why is the mile 528 feet ?
What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?
How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
Who is Edmund Kemper ?
What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?
When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?
What character narrates Treasure Island ?
What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?
Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?
When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
When was the bar-code invented ?
What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?
What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?
How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?
What is InterLata Internet service ?
Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?
What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?
What is `` alternative '' anymore ?
Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
What are the four railways in Monopoly ?
What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
What does BMW stand for ?
Name the highest mountain .
What is a biologist ?
What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?
What island is home to statues called Mauis ?
What is a fear of black people ?
What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
What was the worst hurricane ?
How can I get started in writing for television ?
Where was Pythagoras born ?
What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?
What is LMDS ?
Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
Who is the leader of Brunei ?
What is the capital of Italy ?
What game does Garry Kasparov play ?
How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?
What is the greatest hiking Web site ?
What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?
What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?
Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?
What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?
How many people live in cities ?
How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?
What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?
What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
What was John Steinbeck 's travelling companion Charley ?
What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?
How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?
What turns blue litmus paper red ?
Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
What is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
What is a fear of machinery ?
Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?
In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?
What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
What is the largest city in Texas ?
What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?
What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?
Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?
What was the longest war in U.S. history ?
What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
What are the five richest countries in the world ?
Where is McCarren Airport ?
What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?
How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?
How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?
Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?
What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?
Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?
What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?
Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
What is a fear of points ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
How can SQL queries be improved ?
What is the most radioactive food ?
What was the previous name for the Commonwealth ?
How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
Who gave King Arthur the round table ?
What state in the United States covers the largest area ?
How do you make a computer chip ?
Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?
Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?
Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?
What is Linux ?
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?
What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?
What 's the international radio code word for the letter F ?
What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?
Which king signed the Magna Carta ?
What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?
What is agent orange ?
Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .
How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?
Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?
How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?
How many people own pets ?
What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?
What is a fear of lice ?
How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
What was Darth Vader 's son named ?
What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?
What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
Where is McCarren Airport located ?
How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?
What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?
How many Marx Brothers were there ?
How tall is the Matterhorn ?
What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?
When was Babe Ruth born ?
Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?
What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?
What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?
How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?
What is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?
Where are diamonds mined ?
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?
What company produces Spumante ?
What is the origin of music ?
What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?
What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?
How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?
How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?
Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?
How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?
What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?
Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?
How much in miles is a ten K run ?
When was Beethoven born ?
Who is the most sexy celebrity ?
What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
Where did the ukulele originate ?
Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
What does seccession mean ?
Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?
What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?
Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?
What will the weather be today ?
Who is the President of Ghana ?
Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?
What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?
What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze ?
What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?
What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?
How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
What is the Golden Rule ?
What is a movie that Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians ?
What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
How does color affect a person psychologically ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
What is sound ?
What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?
What are the current immigration laws in US ?
What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?
Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?
Where was Tesla born ?
What does Larry King do for a living ?
Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?
When did Jaco Pastorius die ?
What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?
What 's the most common street name in America ?
What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
What is the origin of infinity ?
What alloy do copper and tin form ?
What plants are found in an estuary ?
What are the side effects of mevacor ?
What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
What was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' ?
Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?
What country has problems with hooligans ?
What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
How often are brain cells replaced ?
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?
What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?
What did Abolitionists try to end ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
What year did Charles Dicken die ?
What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?
What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?
What is a fear of night or darkness ?
What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
How was Lawrence
How do I know if I am pregnant ?
When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?
What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?
Who was Confucius ?
What snack food has ridges ?
What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?
How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
What is the habitat of the chickadee ?
What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?
Which of the five senses develops first ?
Where did the name root beer come from ?
What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?
What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
Where is the largest post office building in the world ?
Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
Who was the first animal into space ?
What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?
Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
What 's the state motto of California ?
What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
What does the acronym CPR mean ?
The Jewish alphabet is called what ?
What are the Baltic States ?
How many endangered species are there in the world ?
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?
Who invented basketball ?
How has TV affected our society ?
When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?
What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?
What is osmosis ?
What format was the major competition of VHS ?
What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?
What is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
Which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?
How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?
What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?
What are the seven deadly sins ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
What does the name Melissa mean ?
What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?
What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II ?
What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?
Who domesticated the wild turkey ?
How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?
What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?
What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975 ?
What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for ?
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?
What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
What does RCA stand for ?
Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
What 's the singular of dice ?
Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?
What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
What was the first video ever made ?
What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?
What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?
What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?
Where is the Taj Mahal ?
What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?
What is the first day of the week ?
What is goulash ?
What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
How does a parachute work ?
What is the first book of the Old Testament ?
How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?
What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?
What famed wall supports the Badaling turret ?
Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?
What is object-oriented design ?
What does Melissa mean ?
What is form drag ?
Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?
Where are good science sites on the Internet ?
What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?
What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?
Who designed London Bridge ?
How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?
How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?
How can I stop or slow down aging ?
Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?
How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?
How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?
Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
How tall was the animated King Kong ?
What are values ?
What is the population of Japan ?
Name an American made motorcycle .
Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?
How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?
How many events make up the decathlon ?
What causes blue balls ?
What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?
Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?
What does a chef coddle eggs in ?
How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?
What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?
Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
What is the capital of Kosovo ?
What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?
How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
How did the months of the year get there name ?
What scale measures earthquakes ?
What is a glory hole ?
What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?
What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?
What college did Joe Namath play football for ?
What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
How does it make its colors ?
What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?
When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?
What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
What is the weather like on the moon ?
Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?
How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?
What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?
How many people hike ?
What are boxcars ?
How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?
What is a common anti-AIDS drug ?
Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?
How can you tell when figs are ripe ?
How do I love thee ?
Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
What nationality is a Sicilian ?
What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?
What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola ?
What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?
How does a hydroelectric dam work ?
What is the oldest building in the United States ?
What is the West Virginia state animal ?
How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
What are binomial coefficients ?
What was The Living Room War ?
What are some translations of the phrase `` Thank-you '' ?
What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?
What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?
What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
How many people died in the Vietnam war ?
What year did Montana become a state ?
When was the USSR dissolved ?
Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
What Japanese city was once called Edo ?
Who did the Seven Mules block for ?
What is the world 's largest distilling company ?
What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?
Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?
What household products are there for adult acne ?
What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
What is the most expensive car in the world ?
What is an Angelus ?
How many objects orbit the Earth ?
What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?
What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?
How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?
Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?
Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
What makes sperm ?
How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?
What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
Who wrote The Godfather ?
What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
What is the frequency of VHF ?
What sport does Chris Jogis play ?
What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?
What is a fear of robbers ?
What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
What is the cause of endangered species ?
Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?
What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?
What is the softest part of the body ?
What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
How many islands does Fiji have ?
What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War ?
What is the definition of cecum ?
Who invented volleyball ?
What 's the most powerful country in the world ?
How do I do this ?
Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?
Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?
What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?
What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?
Who invented the horoscope ?
What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
What are Fortune 500 companies ?
What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?
How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
Where do lobsters like to live ?
Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?
What are the wolverine habits ?
How do you fix squeaky floors ?
When was the Big Thompson flood ?
What good are mosquitoes ?
How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
What 's played at Wembley Stadium , London , every May ?
Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?
How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?
What is the Peloponnesian League ?
What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?
How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
Who invented television ?
What are tannins ?
How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
What was Jimmy Durante 's theme song ?
Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .
What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?
What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?
What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
How many muscles does an oyster have ?
What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?
Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?
What is the collective noun for geese ?
What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?
Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?
What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?
What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
What 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?
What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?
In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?
Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?
How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
What non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?
What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?
Who is the richest woman in the world ?
Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?
What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?
What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?
What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?
What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?
What is Sinn Fein ?
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
What do river otters eat ?
Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?
Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?
What did Vasco da Gama discover ?
What is Megan 's law ?
Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
Where 's Montenegro ?
What is usenet for the Internet ?
What are field effect transistors ?
What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named ?
What is witch hazel ?
What is state tree of Nebraska ?
Where is Glasgow ?
Why is Chicago named Chicago ?
What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?
What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?
What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?
Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
What does a pedometer measure ?
What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?
How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .
What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?
What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?
Who owns CNN ?
About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
What is an auto-commentary ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
What is deconstructionism ?
What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?
What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?
What is a fear of speaking ?
What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?
Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?
How is saline used in medicine ?
What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?
What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?
What is the capital of Congo ?
What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?
What is a country that starts with the letter x ?
What countries earn the most from tourism ?
What is the Internet2 ?
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?
Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?
What is the most common name ?
Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
What common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?
What is the Milky Way ?
What is Remembrance Day all about ?
What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan ?
What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?
Where are zebras most likely found ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
What is meant by `` capital market '' ?
In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?
What ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command ?
Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS ?
What is the difference between hair and fur ?
What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .
What foods contain vitamin B12 ?
What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?
What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?
How big is the largest diamond ?
What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox ?
How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?
How many languages are there in the world ?
Who was Picasso ?
Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?
Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?
What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?
What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?
What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy
What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?
What is tyvek ?
What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
How did Asia get its name ?
What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?
Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?
What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait ?
How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?
What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?
Who 's the only president buried in Washington
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?
What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?
What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?
What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?
What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?
What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for ?
Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?
How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?
What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
What Shakespeare play opens with the line : `` Now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?
Who created the character James Bond ?
What type of exercise burns the most calories ?
What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?
What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?
How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?
How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?
What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
What is the world population as of today ?
What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
What is humidity ?
What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?
What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?
What is the chemical formula for napalm ?
What is yohimbine ?
What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?
How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?
What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?
How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
Where is Burma ?
Who wrote The Collector ?
Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?
Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?
What are the Cleveland Indians also called ?
What commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II ?
How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?
Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?
What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
Where did the name Daniel originate ?
What are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .
What are the historical trials following World War II called ?
What states do not have state income tax ?
What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?
What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?
Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''
What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
What four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
How many countries are there ?
Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
What is Steve Rogers 's profession when he 's not Captain America ?
What is the most common cancer ?
Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
How do I contact Answers.com direct ?
What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
What happened to Answers.com ?
What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
How many yards are in 1 mile ?
What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?
What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?
What does the name Jenna mean ?
Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
How did Edith Bunker die ?
What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?
Define Spumante .
What does pH stand for ?
What country is Mount Everest in ?
Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?
Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
What are geckos ?
What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass ?
What is cosmology ?
How many watts make a kilowatt ?
What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?
What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?
Who was Jinnah ?
What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?
Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?
What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?
What is habeas corpus ?
How do you use an intranet ?
What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?
Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?
What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?
In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?
What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?
What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?
What is federal income tax ?
What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?
What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?
What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?
What is a fear of failure ?
How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?
What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
What is the best way to travel in Japan ?
How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?
How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?
When was the Parthenon built ?
What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?
What is a common dolphin ?
How is Answers.com funded ?
How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
What does BUD stand for ?
Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?
What is a society ruled by elders ?
What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?
Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?
What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?
Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical ?
In what war was the first submarine used ?
CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?
How do you find the area of a circle ?
What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?
What English playwright penned : `` Where the bee sucks , so shall I '' ?
What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .
How deep is a fathom ?
What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?
What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
How do I find a web address for a company ?
What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
What are some of Australia 's native flora ?
What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?
How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
How old is the universe ?
When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?
Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?
What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?
What nation boarders Mozambique ?
What does EKG stand for ?
The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?
What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
Colin Powell is famous for what ?
The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?
What is a fear of home surroundings ?
How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
Who invented the electric guitar ?
What is the capital of California ?
What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
What are faults in the earth 's crust ?
What was an `` Asiento '' ?
What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
What Don McLean song laments the day Buddy Holly died ?
What is Srpska Krajina ?
How was the Kennedy money made ?
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
What was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World ?
Who is the President of Pergament ?
What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?
What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
How did water appear on the earth ?
Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?
What does Robert mean ?
How do anti-locking brakes work ?
What colors is magenta made of ?
How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?
Which medium is Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
What is the name of Jamiroquai new album ?
What is a hormone ?
What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
What is fellatio ?
What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815 ?
Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County ?
Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?
How were the days of the week named ?
Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?
What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
What is fiber in food ?
What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?
Who is the head of the World Bank ?
Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
What is a fear of childbirth ?
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
What species was Winnie the Pooh ?
How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
What is the most popular last name ?
What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?
Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?
What is the S&P 500 used for ?
What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?
When was Nostradamus born ?
What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?
Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?
What is nuclear proliferation ?
Who was Maria Theresa ?
What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?
Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?
What is the population of the largest Chilean city
What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
What is Larry King 's occupation ?
Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
What sea is Bombay on ?
Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?
What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?
What 's the difference between TFT and dual-scan display ?
What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?
What is the English meaning of caliente ?
Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?
What does the word `` opera '' mean ?
How tall was the animated Frankenstein
How do you ask questions ?
What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?
What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
How can you become an FBI agent ?
What is the world 's best selling cookie ?
How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?
Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
How big is the universe actually ?
What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?
What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?
What 's the U.S. Navy hymn ?
How many sides does a heptagon have ?
What Grand Slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
What is idealab ! ?
Where are there aborigines ?
What toy can you make sleep ?
What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?
What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
On what river is Rome built ?
Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?
Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?
What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?
Why was Curious George curious ?
How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?
What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?
What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?
Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?
What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?
Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?
What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
What did Benny Carter play ?
What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
What city 's airport is named Logan International ?
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
How many times more than 3
How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
What king is satirized in the line : `` The King was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
What shape-shifting menace did Rom come to Earth to fight ?
What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?
What causes headaches ?
Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?
When was the first stained glass window made ?
What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?
What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?
When did swimming become commonplace ?
Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?
Who was the tallest U.S. president ?
What is the largest museum in the world ?
How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?
What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?
How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?
What president also became a supreme court justice ?
When does menstruation begin ?
Where did makeup originate ?
What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?
What flag flies over Wake Island ?
How deep is a fathom ?
What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?
What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?
What is the most famous German word in the English language ?
Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?
What is widely used to detect birth defects ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
Who killed JFK ?
Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?
What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
What are the five basic swimming strokes ?
Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?
Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
How old was George Washington when he died ?
What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola ?
Who made the rotary engine automobile ?
What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
How many blacks served in the Vietnam War
What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?
What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?
What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
Who invented panties ?
What is Pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?
What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
What does CPR stand for ?
What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?
What are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
What fruit does the ficus produce ?
Who is the richest person in the world ?
What is an aurora ?
How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?
What 's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
How deep is a fathom ?
What is the primary language of the Philippines ?
When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
What was the Long March in China ?
What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?
What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?
How many people visit the Pope each month ?
What planet gave bith to Superman ?
What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?
What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?
Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?
What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?
When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
How fast can a Corvette go ?
What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?
What effect does LSD have on the brain ?
What are the three most successful companies of our time ?
How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?
What is a horologist ?
What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?
Where is the group M People from ?
What country is famous for Persian rugs ?
How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?
How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
What magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross ?
How does a submarine operate ?
What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?
What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?
Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?
What creative genius said : `` Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
How is Paraguay for vacations ?
Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?
How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?
What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
What happened on January 15 , 1969 ?
What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?
What is DSL ?
How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?
What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
Where is Ayer 's rock ?
What 's a Craps player called ?
When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?
What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate ?
What is the most widely cultivated plant ?
What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?
What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?
What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What police force did Mack Sennett create ?
How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?
What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?
What 's the world 's most common compound ?
Where was George Washington born ?
How many colors are there in the spectrum ?
What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
Define Sinn Fein .
What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?
What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
What is probability theory ?
Who told all in Ball Four ?
What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?
What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?
When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?
How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?
How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
How do you tell somebody you like them ?
What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?
Who is the president of Bolivia ?
What nationality is Gorbachev ?
Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?
What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?
Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?
Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?
What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?
How many cullions does a male have ?
What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?
Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?
What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?
Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?
On what continent is Mozambique ?
What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?
What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?
What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?
What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
Rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?
Which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?
When was Microsoft established ?
When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?
What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?
What is platinum ?
What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?
Who is the prime minister of Australia ?
What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?
What does the River Seine empty into ?
What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking ?
What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?
How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
Describe the Long March .
What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?
Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?
What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?
Where is South Bend ?
What country has the most coastline ?
What two states is Washington D.C. between ?
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?
When did the art of quilting begin ?
Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
What is a fear of fish ?
How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?
What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?
What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?
What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?
What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?
What famous comic strip character died of acne ?
What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
What are chloroplasts ?
How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
Who is Zebulon Pike ?
What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
When did communist control end in Hungary ?
How do I legally make my own will and testament ?
How do you make the color purple ?
What beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents ?
How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?
How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?
How many people live in Chile ?
What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?
What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?
What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?
What country is home to Heineken beer ?
What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?
What money was used here ?
When did Charles Lindbergh die ?
How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?
What is the highest continent ?
Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?
What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?
Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?
What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?
Who was Buffalo Bill ?
What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
What type of currency is used in China ?
What is the temperature today ?
What is the temperature for cooking ?
What currency is used in Australia ?
How far is it from Denver to Aspen ?
What county is Modesto , California in ?
Who was Galileo ?
What is an atom ?
When did Hawaii become a state ?
How tall is the Sears Building ?
George Bush purchased a small interest in which baseball team ?
What is Australia 's national flower ?
Why does the moon turn orange ?
What is autism ?
What city had a world fair in 1900 ?
What person 's head is on a dime ?
What is the average weight of a Yellow Labrador ?
Who was the first man to fly across the Pacific Ocean ?
When did Idaho become a state ?
What is the life expectancy for crickets ?
What metal has the highest melting point ?
Who developed the vaccination against polio ?
What is epilepsy ?
What year did the Titanic sink ?
Who was the first American to walk in space ?
What is a biosphere ?
What river in the US is known as the Big Muddy ?
What is bipolar disorder ?
What is cholesterol ?
Who developed the Macintosh computer ?
What is caffeine ?
What imaginary line is halfway between the North and South Poles ?
Where is John Wayne airport ?
What hemisphere is the Philippines in ?
What is the average speed of the horses at the Kentucky Derby ?
Where are the Rocky Mountains ?
What are invertebrates ?
What is the temperature at the center of the earth ?
When did John F. Kennedy get elected as President ?
How old was Elvis Presley when he died ?
Where is the Orinoco River ?
How far is the service line from the net in tennis ?
How much fiber should you have per day ?
How many Great Lakes are there ?
Material called linen is made from what plant ?
What is Teflon ?
What is amitriptyline ?
What is a shaman ?
What is the proper name for a female walrus ?
What is a group of turkeys called ?
How long did Rip Van Winkle sleep ?
What are triglycerides ?
How many liters in a gallon ?
What is the name of the chocolate company in San Francisco ?
What are amphibians ?
Who discovered x-rays ?
Which comedian 's signature line is `` Can we talk '' ?
What is fibromyalgia ?
What is done with worn or outdated flags ?
What does cc in engines mean ?
When did Elvis Presley die ?
What is the capital of Yugoslavia ?
Where is Milan ?
What is the speed hummingbirds fly ?
What is the oldest city in the United States ?
What was W.C. Fields ' real name ?
What river flows between Fargo , North Dakota and Moorhead , Minnesota ?
What do bats eat ?
What state did the Battle of Bighorn take place in ?
Who was Abraham Lincoln ?
What do you call a newborn kangaroo ?
What are spider veins ?
What day and month did John Lennon die ?
What strait separates North America from Asia ?
What is the population of Seattle ?
How much was a ticket for the Titanic ?
What is the largest city in the world ?
What American composer wrote the music for `` West Side Story '' ?
Where is the Mall of the America ?
What is the pH scale ?
What type of currency is used in Australia ?
How tall is the Gateway Arch in St. Louis , MO ?
How much does the human adult female brain weigh ?
Who was the first governor of Alaska ?
What is a prism ?
When was the first liver transplant ?
Who was elected president of South Africa in 1994 ?
What is the population of China ?
When was Rosa Parks born ?
Why is a ladybug helpful ?
What is amoxicillin ?
Who was the first female United States Representative ?
What are xerophytes ?
What country did Ponce de Leon come from ?
The U.S. Department of Treasury first issued paper currency for the U.S. during which war ?
What is desktop publishing ?
What is the temperature of the sun 's surface ?
What year did Canada join the United Nations ?
What is the oldest university in the US ?
Where is Prince Edward Island ?
Mercury , what year was it discovered ?
What is cryogenics ?
What are coral reefs ?
What is the longest major league baseball-winning streak ?
What is neurology ?
Who invented the calculator ?
How do you measure earthquakes ?
Who is Duke Ellington ?
What county is Phoenix , AZ in ?
What is a micron ?
The sun 's core , what is the temperature ?
What is the Ohio state bird ?
When were William Shakespeare 's twins born ?
What is the highest dam in the U.S. ?
What color is a poison arrow frog ?
What is acupuncture ?
What is the length of the coastline of the state of Alaska ?
What is the name of Neil Armstrong 's wife ?
What is Hawaii 's state flower ?
Who won Ms. American in 1989 ?
When did the Hindenberg crash ?
What mineral helps prevent osteoporosis ?
What was the last year that the Chicago Cubs won the World Series ?
Where is Perth ?
What year did WWII begin ?
What is the diameter of a golf ball ?
What is an eclipse ?
Who discovered America ?
What is the earth 's diameter ?
Which president was unmarried ?
How wide is the Milky Way galaxy ?
During which season do most thunderstorms occur ?
What is Wimbledon ?
What is the gestation period for a cat ?
How far is a nautical mile ?
Who was the abolitionist who led the raid on Harper 's Ferry in 1859 ?
What does target heart rate mean ?
What was the first satellite to go into space ?
What is foreclosure ?
What is the major fault line near Kentucky ?
Where is the Holland Tunnel ?
Who wrote the hymn `` Amazing Grace '' ?
What position did Willie Davis play in baseball ?
What are platelets ?
What is severance pay ?
What is the name of Roy Roger 's dog ?
Where are the National Archives ?
What is a baby turkey called ?
What is poliomyelitis ?
What is the longest bone in the human body ?
Who is a German philosopher ?
What were Christopher Columbus ' three ships ?
What does Phi Beta Kappa mean ?
What is nicotine ?
What is another name for vitamin B1 ?
Who discovered radium ?
What are sunspots ?
When was Algeria colonized ?
What baseball team was the first to make numbers part of their uniform ?
What continent is Egypt on ?
What is the capital of Mongolia ?
What is nanotechnology ?
In the late 1700 's British convicts were used to populate which colony ?
What state is the geographic center of the lower 48 states ?
What is an obtuse angle ?
What are polymers ?
When is hurricane season in the Caribbean ?
Where is the volcano Mauna Loa ?
What is another astronomic term for the Northern Lights ?
What peninsula is Spain part of ?
When was Lyndon B. Johnson born ?
What is acetaminophen ?
What state has the least amount of rain per year ?
Who founded American Red Cross ?
What year did the Milwaukee Braves become the Atlanta Braves ?
How fast is alcohol absorbed ?
When is the summer solstice ?
What is supernova ?
Where is the Shawnee National Forest ?
What U.S. state 's motto is `` Live free or Die '' ?
Where is the Lourve ?
When was the first stamp issued ?
What primary colors do you mix to make orange ?
How far is Pluto from the sun ?
What body of water are the Canary Islands in ?
What is neuropathy ?
Where is the Euphrates River ?
What is cryptography ?
What is natural gas composed of ?
Who is the Prime Minister of Canada ?
What French ruler was defeated at the battle of Waterloo ?
What is leukemia ?
Where did Howard Hughes die ?
What is the birthstone for June ?
What is the sales tax in Minnesota ?
What is the distance in miles from the earth to the sun ?
What is the average life span for a chicken ?
When was the first Wal-Mart store opened ?
What is relative humidity ?
What city has the zip code of 35824 ?
What currency is used in Algeria ?
Who invented the hula hoop ?
What was the most popular toy in 1957 ?
What is pastrami made of ?
What is the name of the satellite that the Soviet Union sent into space in 1957 ?
What city 's newspaper is called `` The Enquirer '' ?
Who invented the slinky ?
What are the animals that don 't have backbones called ?
What is the melting point of copper ?
Where is the volcano Olympus Mons located ?
Who was the 23rd president of the United States ?
What is the average body temperature ?
What does a defibrillator do ?
What is the effect of acid rain ?
What year did the United States abolish the draft ?
How fast is the speed of light ?
What province is Montreal in ?
What New York City structure is also known as the Twin Towers ?
What is fungus ?
What is the most frequently spoken language in the Netherlands ?
What is sodium chloride ?
What are the spots on dominoes called ?
How many pounds in a ton ?
What is influenza ?
What is ozone depletion ?
What year was the Mona Lisa painted ?
What does `` Sitting Shiva '' mean ?
What is the electrical output in Madrid , Spain ?
Which mountain range in North America stretches from Maine to Georgia ?
What is plastic made of ?
What is the population of Nigeria ?
What does your spleen do ?
Where is the Grand Canyon ?
Who invented the telephone ?
What year did the U.S. buy Alaska ?
What is the name of the leader of Ireland ?
What is phenylalanine ?
How many gallons of water are there in a cubic foot ?
What are the two houses of the Legislative branch ?
What is sonar ?
In Poland , where do most people live ?
What is phosphorus ?
What is the location of the Sea of Tranquility ?
How fast is sound ?
What French province is cognac produced in ?
What is Valentine 's Day ?
What causes gray hair ?
What is hypertension ?
What is bandwidth ?
What is the longest suspension bridge in the U.S. ?
What is a parasite ?
What is home equity ?
What do meteorologists do ?
What is the criterion for being legally blind ?
Who is the tallest man in the world ?
What are the twin cities ?
What did Edward Binney and Howard Smith invent in 1903 ?
What is the statue of liberty made of ?
What is pilates ?
What planet is known as the `` red '' planet ?
What is the depth of the Nile river ?
What is the colorful Korean traditional dress called ?
What is Mardi Gras ?
Mexican pesos are worth what in U.S. dollars ?
Who was the first African American to play for the Brooklyn Dodgers ?
Who was the first Prime Minister of Canada ?
How many Admirals are there in the U.S. Navy ?
What instrument did Glenn Miller play ?
How old was Joan of Arc when she died ?
What does the word fortnight mean ?
What is dianetics ?
What is the capital of Ethiopia ?
For how long is an elephant pregnant ?
How did Janice Joplin die ?
What is the primary language in Iceland ?
What is the difference between AM radio stations and FM radio stations ?
What is osteoporosis ?
Who was the first woman governor in the U.S. ?
What is peyote ?
What is the esophagus used for ?
What is viscosity ?
What year did Oklahoma become a state ?
What is the abbreviation for Texas ?
What is a mirror made out of ?
Where on the body is a mortarboard worn ?
What was J.F.K. 's wife 's name ?
What does I.V. stand for ?
What is the chunnel ?
Where is Hitler buried ?
What are antacids ?
What is pulmonary fibrosis ?
What are Quaaludes ?
What is naproxen ?
What is strep throat ?
What is the largest city in the U.S. ?
What is foot and mouth disease ?
What is the life expectancy of a dollar bill ?
What do you call a professional map drawer ?
What are Aborigines ?
What is hybridization ?
What color is indigo ?
How old do you have to be in order to rent a car in Italy ?
What does a barometer measure ?
What color is a giraffe 's tongue ?
What does USPS stand for ?
What year did the NFL go on strike ?
What is solar wind ?
What date did Neil Armstrong land on the moon ?
When was Hiroshima bombed ?
Where is the Savannah River ?
Who was the first woman killed in the Vietnam War ?
What planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets ?
Who is the governor of Alaska ?
What year did Mussolini seize power in Italy ?
What is the capital of Persia ?
Where is the Eiffel Tower ?
How many hearts does an octopus have ?
What is pneumonia ?
What is the deepest lake in the US ?
What is a fuel cell ?
Who was the first U.S. president to appear on TV ?
Where is the Little League Museum ?
What are the two types of twins ?
What is the brightest star ?
What is diabetes ?
When was President Kennedy shot ?
What is TMJ ?
What color is yak milk ?
What date was Dwight D. Eisenhower born ?
What does the technical term ISDN mean ?
Why is the sun yellow ?
What is the conversion rate between dollars and pounds ?
When was Abraham Lincoln born ?
What is the Milky Way ?
What is mold ?
What year was Mozart born ?
What is a group of frogs called ?
What is the name of William Penn 's ship ?
What is the melting point of gold ?
What is the street address of the White House ?
What is semolina ?
What fruit is Melba sauce made from ?
What is Ursa Major ?
What is the percentage of water content in the human body ?
How much does water weigh ?
What was President Lyndon Johnson 's reform program called ?
What is the murder rate in Windsor , Ontario ?
Who is the only president to serve 2 non-consecutive terms ?
What is the population of Australia ?
Who painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel ?
Name a stimulant .
What is the effect of volcanoes on the climate ?
What year did the Andy Griffith show begin ?
What is acid rain ?
What is the date of Mexico 's independence ?
What is the location of Lake Champlain ?
What is the Illinois state flower ?
What is Maryland 's state bird ?
What is quicksilver ?
Who wrote `` The Divine Comedy '' ?
What is the speed of light ?
What is the width of a football field ?
Why in tennis are zero points called love ?
What kind of dog was Toto in the Wizard of Oz ?
What is a thyroid ?
What does ciao mean ?
What is the only artery that carries blue blood from the heart to the lungs ?
How often does Old Faithful erupt at Yellowstone National Park ?
What is acetic acid ?
What is the elevation of St. Louis , MO ?
What color does litmus paper turn when it comes into contact with a strong acid ?
What are the colors of the German flag ?
What is the Moulin Rouge ?
What soviet seaport is on the Black Sea ?
What is the atomic weight of silver ?
What currency do they use in Brazil ?
What are pathogens ?
What is mad cow disease ?
Name a food high in zinc .
When did North Carolina enter the union ?
Where do apple snails live ?
What are ethics ?
What does CPR stand for ?
What is an annuity ?
Who killed John F. Kennedy ?
Who was the first vice president of the U.S. ?
What birthstone is turquoise ?
Who was the first US President to ride in an automobile to his inauguration ?
How old was the youngest president of the United States ?
When was Ulysses S. Grant born ?
What is Muscular Dystrophy ?
Who lived in the Neuschwanstein castle ?
What is propylene glycol ?
What is a panic disorder ?
Who invented the instant Polaroid camera ?
What is a carcinogen ?
What is a baby lion called ?
What is the world 's population ?
What is nepotism ?
What is die-casting ?
What is myopia ?
What is the sales tax rate in New York ?
Developing nations comprise what percentage of the world 's population ?
What is the fourth highest mountain in the world ?
What is Shakespeare 's nickname ?
What is the heaviest naturally occurring element ?
When is Father 's Day ?
What does the acronym NASA stand for ?
How long is the Columbia River in miles ?
What city 's newspaper is called `` The Star '' ?
What is carbon dioxide ?
Where is the Mason/Dixon line ?
When was the Boston tea party ?
What is metabolism ?
Which U.S.A. president appeared on `` Laugh-In '' ?
What are cigarettes made of ?
What is the capital of Zimbabwe ?
What does NASA stand for ?
What is the state flower of Michigan ?
What are semiconductors ?
What is nuclear power ?
What is a tsunami ?
Who is the congressman from state of Texas on the armed forces committee ?
Who was president in 1913 ?
When was the first kidney transplant ?
What are Canada 's two territories ?
What was the name of the plane Lindbergh flew solo across the Atlantic ?
What is genocide ?
What continent is Argentina on ?
What monastery was raided by Vikings in the late eighth century ?
What is an earthquake ?
Where is the tallest roller coaster located ?
What are enzymes ?
Who discovered oxygen ?
What is bangers and mash ?
What is the name given to the Tiger at Louisiana State University ?
Where are the British crown jewels kept ?
Who was the first person to reach the North Pole ?
What is an ulcer ?
What is vertigo ?
What is the spirometer test ?
When is the official first day of summer ?
What does the abbreviation SOS mean ?
What is the smallest bird in Britain ?
Who invented Trivial Pursuit ?
What gasses are in the troposphere ?
Which country has the most water pollution ?
What is the scientific name for elephant ?
Who is the actress known for her role in the movie `` Gypsy '' ?
What breed of hunting dog did the Beverly Hillbillies own ?
What is the rainiest place on Earth ?
Who was the first African American to win the Nobel Prize in literature ?
When is St. Patrick 's Day ?
What was FDR 's dog 's name ?
What colors need to be mixed to get the color pink ?
What is the most popular sport in Japan ?
What is the active ingredient in baking soda ?
When was Thomas Jefferson born ?
How cold should a refrigerator be ?
When was the telephone invented ?
What is the most common eye color ?
Where was the first golf course in the United States ?
What is schizophrenia ?
What is angiotensin ?
What did Jesse Jackson organize ?
What is New York 's state bird ?
What is the National Park in Utah ?
What is Susan B. Anthony 's birthday ?
In which state would you find the Catskill Mountains ?
What do you call a word that is spelled the same backwards and forwards ?
What are pediatricians ?
What chain store is headquartered in Bentonville , Arkansas ?
What are solar cells ?
What is compounded interest ?
What are capers ?
What is an antigen ?
What currency does Luxembourg use ?
What is the population of Venezuela ?
What type of polymer is used for bulletproof vests ?
What currency does Argentina use ?
What is a thermometer ?
What Canadian city has the largest population ?
What color are crickets ?
Which country gave New York the Statue of Liberty ?
What was the name of the first U.S. satellite sent into space ?
What precious stone is a form of pure carbon ?
What kind of gas is in a fluorescent bulb ?
What is rheumatoid arthritis ?
What river runs through Rowe , Italy ?
What is cerebral palsy ?
What city is also known as `` The Gateway to the West '' ?
How far away is the moon ?
What is the source of natural gas ?
In what spacecraft did U.S. astronaut Alan Shepard make his historic 1961 flight ?
What is pectin ?
What is bio-diversity ?
What 's the easiest way to remove wallpaper ?
What year did the Titanic start on its journey ?
How much of an apple is water ?
Who was the 22nd President of the US ?
What is the money they use in Zambia ?
How many feet in a mile ?
What is the birthstone of October ?
What is e-coli ?